1. Display your system IP Address, Subnet mask using ipconfig, and find out the networking address and the maximum number of systems possible on your network and range of IP address available to these systems.

2. With help of ping, check if you are connected to other systems of your computer and find the route to connect to that system using tracert. List all the processes which are using ports for TCP protocol.

3. Create an HTML page that shows information about you, your course, hobbies, address, and your plans. Use CSS for styling of HTML page so that looks nice.

4. Create HTML page with the sole purpose to show multiplication tables of 2 to 10 (row-wise) created by Javascript. Initially, the page is blank. With help of setInterval function print a row every 5 seconds in different colors and increasing font size.

5. Create an HTML page with a paragraph written on it and under which 9 buttons are placed in a 3X3 grid. The first row is for buttons labeled with colors names Red, Green and Blue, the second row with numbers 10, 20, 30 and the third row with different font names. Click event of each of the buttons should make the apppropriate change in the style of paragraph.

6. Create a form that takes data about a pet. The form must be well designed and should accept the pet's name, age, weight, type and what it looks like most. At the submission of this form create a Pet object in Javascript filled with these values and log that object and equivalent JSON on the console.

7. Store JSON data of few pets that you created in previous practical in a JSON file (copy from console output of previous program to a .json file). Using AJAX, load data from the file and display it in a presentable way using HTML and CSS.

8. Create a plain HTML page for B.Sc. Hons CS course, mentioning details like fee, eligibility criteria, papers with names and credits, and future possibililites after the course. A button for styling should be there at bottom of the page. On clicking on this button JavaScript should redesign the complete page using jQuery in a nice presentable way.

9. Create a HTML page for an image gallery which shows the use of BOOTSTRAP to rearrange and resize its contents on resizing the browser.

10. Create a HTTP server using Node.js which handles requests on port 10000 or a free port beyound 10000. Modify the server in such a way that opening localhost:10000 will display "Hello world, This is my Node.js server" on browser.

11. Create index.html file containing two forms for SignIn and SignUp. Submitting SignIn form should search for credentials in mysql database using server created in previous practical. On successful signin, a welcome page should be displayed. Submitting SignUp form should insert new entry for credentials in mysql database using server created in previous practical. On successful signup, user should be returned back to index.html.